
 MondoSCF, a suite of programs for linear scaling electronic structure
 theory and ab initio molecular dynamics.

 Copyright (c) 2001, the Regents of the University of California.  

 This SOFTWARE has been authored by an employee or employees of the 
 University of California, operator of the Los Alamos National Laboratory 
 under Contract No. W-7405-ENG-36 with the U.S. Department of Energy.  
 The U.S. Government has rights to use, reproduce, and distribute this 
 SOFTWARE.  The public may copy, distribute, prepare derivative works 
 and publicly display this SOFTWARE without charge, provided that this 
 Notice and any statement of authorship are reproduced on all copies.  
 Neither the Government nor the University makes any warranty, express 
 or implied, or assumes any liability or responsibility for the use of 
 this SOFTWARE.  If SOFTWARE is modified to produce derivative works, 
 such modified SOFTWARE should be clearly marked, so as not to confuse 
 it with the version available from LANL.  

 The return of derivative works to the primary author for integration 
 and general release is encouraged. 

 The first publication realized with the use of MondoSCF shall be
 considered a joint work.  Publication of the results will appear
 under the joint authorship of the researchers nominated by their
 respective institutions. In future publications of work performed
 with MondoSCF, the use of the software shall be properly acknowledged,
 e.g. in the form "These calculations have been performed using MondoSCF, 
 a suite of programs for linear scaling electronic structure theory and
 ab initio molecular dynamics", and given appropriate citation.  

 ---------------------------------------------------------------
 Warning -- This program may not be used in any manner that
 impedes the Scientific Endeavor, or that prevents the free 
 dissemination of unclassified information developed with public 
 funds.  The licensee of this program is encouraged to develop 
 competing technologies, to fairly compare them with those in 
 MondoSCF, and to make them available for redistribution.  By 
 using this program the user acknowledges that MondoSCF and its 
 developers are engaged in the business of creating and 
 disseminating leading edge software in the field of Extreme 
 Computational Chemistry, and that the direct comparison of 
 competing methods is essential to advancement of this field.
                         -- NJoy --
 ---------------------------------------------------------------



